Week 1

Group of 5 members formed. We assigned Colin Hon as the Scrum Master for the project. I created the Jira & GitHub accounts. 
We decided on the E-Commerce Recommender System project. After a group discussion, we drafted up 5 requirements/functionalities out of 
the 8 required for our project and divided up the work to produce user stories and acceptance criteria for each of these functionalities. 

Week 2 

I wrote up user stories and acceptance criteria for the “Recommendation System” functionality that I was assigned for our E-Commerce 
project. Early this week, we had a group stand-up to review each other’s user stories and acceptance criterias that we produced. After a 
discussion with our tutor, Christian, we split up the “Recommendation System” functionality into two separate functionalities due to the 
complexity of the system – “Recommendation Home Page System” and a “Recommendation Product Page System”. Additionally, we also brainstormed 
another “Novel” functionality which was approved by Christian. Our group also decided to split up the tasks for drafting up the Project 
Proposal, Jeffery Ge, Yeji Yun and Colin Hon were assigned to complete the “Background” and the “System Architecture” parts of the 
proposal, and Mike Liang and I were assigned to complete the “Interface, Flow Diagrams & Storyboards” part of the proposal and designing 
the UI of our website and creating an interactive prototype on Figma.

Week 3

Our group began to draft up the Project Proposal. Mike and I finalised the Storyboards and UI prototype of our website on Figma, and 
began to write the “Interface, Flow Diagrams & Storyboards” part of the Project Proposal. Jeffery, Yeji and Colin made good progress on 
their parts of the proposal. After a discussion with our tutor, we tidied up our user stories, and brainstormed the remaining “Novel” 
functionality which was approved by Christian.

Week 4

Our group finalised and handed in our Project Proposal on time, and split the tasks for Sprint 1. For our first sprint, we agreed that 
me and Jeffery would complete the user stories/tasks for the front-end, whilst Colin, Yeji and Mike would complete the back-end user 
stories/tasks. I worked on implementing the Login Page, Register Page, and Home Pages for both the Guest and User, whilst Jeffery worked 
on implementing the Explore Page, Add New Products Page, and Edit Product Pages. Since we had already completed a Figma prototype for the 
UI, we didn’t really need to think about the design, and we just had to write up the code for it.

Week 5

Our group worked on attempting to complete and finalise all our tasks for Sprint 1. Me and Jeffery continued to work on the front and 
finished our tasks – which included connecting certain components of the frontend to the backend, such as the Login and Register 
functions, as well as retrieving product information from the backend to be displayed on the frontend. Colin, Yeji and Mike also completed 
their tasks for the backend, which involved implementing the Authentication (Login/Logout) functionalities, the Product functionality 
(Adding, Updating, Deleting Products), and the Mystery Box functionality. Since this was our first sprint, much of the features we 
implemented were very basic as they were part of our “Minimum Viable Product”, which we plan to build upon it in the next Sprint.

Week 6 
Our group worked on completing our tasks for Sprint 2. I was assigned with implementing both the frontend and backend for the “Cart” 
functionality – which allows users to add items to their cart and purchase them. Additionally, I also
tidied up styling for the frontend for various pages. Our group also had a meeting to go through Retrospective A.

Week 7
Our group finalised our tasks for Sprint 2 and started out tasks for Sprint 3. I finished the implementation of the "Cart" functionality
on both the frontend and backend, so now users are able to add and remove items from their cart. For sprint 3, my task was to
implement the "Mystery Box Opening Spin Animation", where upon a user purchasing a Mystery Box, an animation will play
that reveals what item the user receives. 

Week 8
This week I finished the frontend and backend implementation of the "Mystery Box Opening Spin Animation". Our group also had a meeting 
before the Progressive Demo B to do a dry run of our demonstration and decide what to present. We went through all the user stories
in Sprint 2 and Sprint 3 and checked that all of them have been completed.

Week 9
Our group had a meeting for Retrospective B. We also allocated tasks that needed to be completed for Sprint 4, as well as tasks
that needed to be done for the final Project Report. 