Week 1
Group formed with Mike, Colin, Jeming and Jeffery.
Created Jira accounts and connected my existing GitHub account to the project repository.
Chose E-Commerce Recommender System to be our group project.
Brainstormed what functionalities the system can have and distributed who’s writing the user stories of which functionality.
The group came up with two novelty functions: chatbot and custom products.

Week 2
I wrote user stories and acceptance criteria for review function.
Since none of mobile responsibility, feature to have custom products and chatbot don’t get counted towards novelty functions,
new novelty function mystery box was proposed.
Standup was held on Saturday to further discuss on the format of user stories and splitting parts of proposal document.
Jeming and Mike started working on Figma.
Jeffery, Colin and I were assigned to research on the information that could go into the ‘background’ part of the proposal.

Week 3
I researched JB Hi-Fi's problem for backgrounds and wrote analysed results into the proposal.
Had standup session on Tuesday to split works for proposals since some tasks weren't still assigned.
According to the Christian’s feedback on our user stories, we modified the user stories.
User stories and Figma had to be adjusted to match with each other. Finalised user stories were put on Jira.
I researched on the types of possible external actors and wrote who the external actors would be for our E-Commerce system. 

Wk4
Proposal was submitted on Monday. Splitted tasks for the system.
I was assigned to do backend for products. Firebase was selected to be used for database system.
Using Firebase, I finished HTTP methods that can be used for products database.

Wk5
Since I found errors on the structure of product's data, I had to debug it.
Image field inside product's data got modified to store the download link of the image inside the Firebase storage.
Added number of actual products on the Firebase so that team members working on frontend could use them.
Helped Jeffery by styling the add product page to look more similar to the one on Figma.
After progressive demo, tasks for sprint2 were splitted. I would do backend and frontend for product reviews.

Wk6
Started working on the product reviews section.
The reviews section was coded based on the Jeming's accordian components.
Finished basic functionality to write a review.
The group had a retrospective meeting.
At the end of the week, I added some functionalities within the reviews section, including like others' reviews, edit/delete reviews posted by the current user.

Wk7
Worked more on the reviews section.
Added star ratings snapshot, the sorting function, and the load more button to the reviews section.
Fixed bugs with review images, and added code to check all fields in the write a review screen are filled in before posting a review.

Wk8
Worked on the frontend part of the Explore page. Also added the sorting function for the Explore page.
Fixed some issues with the components I've done. Issues include:
    - Users had to refresh the page when they transfer from one product page to one another.
    - Users who have not purchased the product could still write the review for the product.
Before the progressive demo B, we had a meeting to do a dryrun.

Wk9
We had a meeting for Retrospective. We compared current sprint and previous sprints to see how much we have improved.
Tasks for the final report were assigned.
My task was to write about some external libraries/APIs that we've used in the project.

Wk10
Finalised the project. Before finishing off, I worked on admin dashboard to show sales data on the line graph.
It involved a lot of manual editing of the Firebase database,
as previous database of mystery box did not include units_sold and items obtained from mystery box contributed to the units_sold,
resulting in incorrect total revenue.
It took me most of the time to address such issues with the Firebase database.
I fixed few bugs and improved layout of few components, for example, image section of add product page.
Finished my parts of the final report.